you
he's added Holly on buddy
oh dude I also thought holy sh t my rock
inaudible death was a demo no hole but
of coal hotel would the men and women of
raucous being slaughtered silently a
real journalistic hero they work in
secret and under constant threat
reporting on the depredations of Isis in
their home city some have fled in fear
for their own lives even in exile they
are in no way safe
[Applause]
[Music]
you are because intimate provide
compassionate open to the shuttle on
parade that you see other
condiment olive garden again -
accessible hot idea
Ben Quinta
[Music]
missions on anthony becht manual we for
Mahajan
chaiwalla and cuteness and our another
motive human emotion and then no admiral
knapp Oh Unum shanrock of heroin chemist
or a texicans
I'm solution will
Vaness retinas maybe a maternal blood
it's not enough to support the crimes of
Isis we must also fight against their
ideology
gentleman
hi Adam conditioner why not the new
blood either we were one hotel cold